Add DLQ and aggregate processor edits. Baseline processor names (#3880)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/add-entries.md

```yaml
pipeline:
  source:
    ...
  ....  
  processor:
    - add_entries:
        entries:
        - key: "newMessage"
          value: 3
          overwrite_if_key_exists: true
  sink:
```
{% include copy.html %}

> For example, before you run the `add_entries` processor, when your source contains the following event record:

Reviewer: This sentence needs rewriting, the meaning is not clear.

Author: Removed the "before" clause

```json
{"message": "hello"}
```

> And then you run the `add_entries` processor using the example pipeline, it adds a new entry `{"newMessage": 3}` to the existing event `{"message": "hello"}` so that the new event contains two entries in the final output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And then you run the `add_entries` processor using the example pipeline, it adds a new entry, `{"newMessage": 3}`, to the existing event, `{"message": "hello"}`, so that the new event contains two entries in the final output:
```

> And then you run the `add_entries` processor using the example pipeline, it adds a new entry `{"newMessage": 3}` to the existing event `{"message": "hello"}` so that the new event contains two entries in the final output:

Reviewer 3: I don't think editorial will like this suggestion. But to make this flow with the example lodged mid-sentence, I think it would be better to set this up something like so:
```suggestion
For example, when your source contains the following event record ...

{"message": "hello"}

... and you run the `add_entries` processor using the example pipeline, it adds a new entry `{"newMessage": 3}` to the existing event `{"message": "hello"}` so that the new event contains two entries in the final output:
```
